hi dr mrs k i'm 27 male
and i have been single forever i
recently worked through some of my shame
that held me back and now
i really like myself i feel confident
that i deserve love and am capable of
giving it
however i'm still anxious reaching out
and getting to know women
in the moment i have no idea what to say
or feel scared to introduce myself
after the opportunity passes i think of
multiple ways i could have started a
conversation or flirted
and i'll wish i did it and reassure
myself that i will have courage
next time but this pattern keeps
repeating
i understand that i have to take a risk
but is there a way i can get rid of the
panic
and fear of embarrassment that arises so
i can be ready for the next opportunity
i love this question
my answer is no
there's not a way to get rid of the
panic and fear of embarrassment
nope really
yeah do you have an answer i think so
dude this is like okay then to help us
out
i used to be really scared of coming on
stream but i just
blew it a couple of times and now i'm
fine
i think yeah but did you did you get rid
of the panic and fear
before you came on scene no i just got
better at preparing i think
that i think you can do yeah so i think
there's definitely something that this
person could do
but i don't think you can get rid of the
panic or fear of embarrassment
all right so let's let's see i think you
have to increase your comfort in your
confidence
there's a lot of stuff you can do but
can you get rid of the fear
like there's no cheat code to get rid of
fear of embarrassment but if all that
there is is fear and embarrassment then
that's the only emotion you're feeling
but if you're
also feeling excitement and confident
and all these other things and panic and
fear
is just one of many things it's not the
overwhelming thing
that i think causes the paralysis
yeah i think there's a lot that you can
do but i don't think you can get rid of
the panic and fear and i think that's
the problem right so i think the problem
here is that we think to ourselves
oh how can i get rid of this thing and
you can't get rid of that thing so you
end up stuck where there's a whole lot
of other stuff you can do
to make yourself like more able to
engage with other people
so for example you can let go of like
like so when you
introduce yourself to someone i imagine
that you have a lot of
expectations over what is coming
out of that introduction that's true so
i think what you can do is let go of
those expectations which doesn't have
anything to do with the fear of
embarrassment or panic it's just like
hey there's a person here so here's like
you know one tip that um
you know i this doesn't i can give you
guys tips but they're not good ones
because i tried them for a while and i
ended up
you know with me or something but the
but the whole point is that i didn't use
any of my tricks
on you like i just was like what were
your tricks
i'm about to tell you they were
ineffective okay so so one is that i
realized that like so when i was in
college right and i was like
19 year old dr chad i was neither a
doctor nor a chad
i had this idea and i had this
revelation that if i make friends with a
girl she can introduce me to her friend
so rather than like trying to ask this
girl out
like if i just make friends with her
like she'll introduce me to a bunch of
her friends and i can ask like six girls
out instead
so it increases my access to the pool of
women
right that's so bad
i'm telling you this is shitty
strategies
so bad i didn't end up with any of them
right is that why you wanted to come
into
my dorm no i'm pretty sure at the point
that
i was breaking into your all women's
dorm i'm pretty sure i understood that
we were dating
like y'all i figured she's literally a
legend because they tell
stories of this guy that broke into our
dorm
anyway so um
yeah so it was lunch you were like
literally a legend
that's where the legend began yeah but
you know years before that i come up
with all these strategies i was like oh
like i'm going to do this thing right
and
i don't think any of them work but i'll
share it anyway i think there's an
important principle here that is
accurate is so the cool thing that that
allowed me to do and this strategy is
dumb but
the cool thing it allowed me to do is
like let go of the expectation that
something has to come out of this and i
have to get this person to like me
right and i think that this is where if
you think about like what is the
expectation that you have with
introducing yourself
and and if you have a big expectation
that's going to create the fear of
embarrassment because you could screw up
but it's like why would you introduce
yourself to people there are a thousand
reasons to introduce yourself to people
that have nothing to do with dating or
finding a relationship
and so just cultivate or pick any of
those
right so you're 27 and you're single and
there's someone that you hang out with
and this could be interesting because
like
don't just look at people that you're
attracted to right just like go out and
meet people um
like like getting to know women like do
you have to be attracted to the women
woman to to get to know her i was gonna
say
start hitting on people that you're not
super like
do some low stakes flirting just learn
to like
appreciate human beings for what they
are and like the love will come
right like just like like recognize that
they're you know they're they're billion
there are seven billion human beings on
the planet and each one
has something that is like incredibly
interesting and fascinating about them
that you can engage in relationships
with people who like you guys can go
watch movies together and go play
frisbee together and like
do all kinds of stuff i would have never
played frisbee with you
okay i mean would have we never played
frisbee
well right why is it because you don't
know how to play frisbee or is it
something about me
i'm confused the physics of frisbees
make no sense
okay so it has nothing to think
no it's it's no yeah it's more about the
frisbee though
case in court right like so like this is
what i'm saying is you know if you
guys pay attention she makes i would
never play play frisbee with you like
that sounds like it's about me
it's and if i'm like anxious right i'm
going to think like oh my god what's
wrong with me that she would never
praise
me but like this is the thing like human
beings like she has all kinds of like it
has nothing to do with me it has to suit
the frisbee
frisbees make no sense so this is where
like if you guys are worried that
someone is not doing something with you
like just think for a second that maybe
that has more to do with them than it
does with you
yeah and think about like if the physics
are weird for the things that you're
proposing
that's the problem with the magic so the
physics aren't right
that's what it is it's all about the
angle
i knew you were gonna say that a hundred
percent knew you're gonna say that
it's because we've talked about it way
too much so much
well it's all about the physics for me
do you think i'll look the labor's
points on stream you have no idea
all right get wrecked shitties
today i am the shitty that was wrecked
i'm i'm really excited for buddy
though um that i think is
don't forget about betty oh this is
teaching what
yeah you're doing you've got it right
wrong okay up top
thanks uh so instead of just waiting for
a high five you just give
people a signal so that they know right
i gave you a signal you just didn't see
it that's why
exactly that's why i'm doing the verbal
signal right you see
communication teach me about
communication i go
teach me about making the magic happen
oh no
anyway what i was gonna say is it sounds
like you've been on this thing right you
got rid of the shame and now you really
like yourself
and like you're you're kind of in this
progression so what i wanted to tell you
is keep going um i think this will get
easier for you as long as that there's
more emotions
than panic and fear like i really think
this should be
fun and exciting for you
so in in so much as you can kind of
remember that like meeting somebody
should be fun
meeting somebody should not be this
scary thing
i think you'll be okay yeah i just want
to say like
buddy dude you're a cool dude yeah right
like you have something to offer people
like each and every one of you like i
know it sounds weird but like each and
every one of you has something to offer
people
and so like get to know people just like
try to meet them and try to like
recognize that every person that you
meet could be
you know your best friend could be a
friend of yours for the next five years
could be
like a great source for like you know
a chicken soup recipe like they could
teach you how to make cookies they could
do all kinds
of stuff like there are a lot of human
beings out there and i think like a big
part of
what i've i mean like i think the reason
people think maybe i'm special is
because
you know every time someone comes on
stream like i recognize that there's
someone here
who like is awesome in some way because
we are
all awesome in some way i'm not saying
it you know because like oh man like we
all
have a piece of the divine man like sure
that's true
but if you like think about it
statistically like ever there's
something cool about every person
i think you should just ask women for
their chicken soup recipes
i think that would be weird that sounds
like something i would come up with
before i met you
like oh like i had this master plan to
ask me for the chicken soup recipes
and they would become friends of mine
because i would signal to them that i'm
a cook
okay we're gonna go to the next one
sounds good